Rush explains why he's in NA: 'My Twitch chat viewers and subscribers are the biggest reason I had to come back. It was all you.'
I got to collab with Riot to send T1 a preseason gift to help keep him on the straight n' narrow next season. Stay reformed buddy.
Galio is an awesome champion, but he doesn't feel like anti-mage anymore
Hail of Blades Vayne is now being played by C9 Sneaky, TSM Zven, TSM BrokenBlade, DWG Nuclear, GRF Viper and more! Here’s why:
All the major changes are happening in 9.2 , not preseason.
Tried drawing the honor level 5 badge
Ashe: Warmother Issue 2
SKT Head Coach kkOma: "This year, I want to show the fans the performance that they wanted to see"
DAMWON Gaming vs. Gen.G / LCK 2019 Spring - Week 1 / Post-Match Discussion
Get Back Up | G2 Esports 2019 Jersey Reveal
In 2 days, Europe will witness a new dawn. Here are the rookies that will set the continent alight: Meet the LECends of Tomorrow.
Schalke presents R+V (one of the biggest German insurance companies) as their main sponsor
Why do the KD/A skins have no special dance animation.
I realized why I enjoy Twitch Rivals so much.
[Rogue] Hood Up! Episode 1: The Land of Morning Calm
Fnatic teams up with sportswear giant Champion to commemorate Worlds success: Collectors pack sold out completely within fifteen minutes
Introducing zeal.gg — Custom Solo Queue Leaderboards
To Celebrate the New Seasons of LEC and LCS I made Desktop Backgrounds for Every Team in Both Leagues
Quick Gameplay Thoughts: January 16
Invictus Gaming vs. Oh My God / LPL 2019 Spring - Week 1 / Post-Match Discussion
Sneaky talks to Travis about 2019's Cloud9, his wish that Meteos could have returned, and Jensen's comments on Nisqy
Hashinshin Not Sure if Top Lane has Flash
[Fanart] High Noon Kayn
FlyQuest releases new jerseys
Steeelback and Djoko have joined Team LDLC for the 2019 season, to compete in France. By the way, Steeelback swapped to support. Also, YellOwStaR is coaching him.
I feel like my favorite part of Sylas's story is how it's supposed to make us feel bad for him/the suppression of magic but makes a much better case for why Demacian law is right
[LPL Interview] SNG Maple on RNG and Karsa: "I’m confident. (To Karsa) Let me think... I hope we can beat them."
G2 Jankos - "I got sick 2 days before LEC. RIP xD"
FLY WildTurtle chats with dGon - "I want to be happy with my performance... but if you want to be the best you can never be happy with your performance, you gotta be unhappy until you kinda win"
IG TheShy and OMGAle show off their mechanics in a 1v1
I totally love Sona, so a while ago my friend drew Sona and I!
1/16 PBE Update: Esports Summoner Icons &amp; Balance Changes
Schalke 04 - Royal Blue Teaser
Vayne buffs were pretty unnecessary imo
How did EU score so much more and bigger sponsors after franchising than NA?
KT Rolster vs. Hanwha Life Esports / LCK 2019 Spring - Week 1 / Post-Match Discussion
Rogue Parent Company ReKTGlobal Announces $10.8M Series A Funding
Origen announce their Spanish Academy team competing in the LVP
Listen Loco Ep. 19 - Moscow 5, IEM Katowice 2013, and the Russian League Ft. Diamondprox
Katarina Fanart by Racoona
The best assassin in 9.1 takes down 3 full HP targets in a single rotation
Suning vs. Vici Gaming / LPL 2019 Spring - Week 1 / Post-Match Discussion
What is the thought process behind banning none in champ select?
"Last year, they were unknown newcomers with something to prove. This time around, they’re certified professionals – and they’ve only gotten stronger." - Why Griffin is the Most Exciting Team Going into LCK 2019
Draven dives and doesn't get tower's aggro
How come Taliyah didn't get any follow-up after the last Q changes
IG TheShy: "Even though we won Worlds, I feel like any team can beat us right now"
Worst Tier List Of All Time w/ Deficio &amp; Vedius | EUphoria S3 EP1
Tyler1 Receives A Package From Riot Today
Here's some random stats about the 19 active world champions
Kim jung GI, one of the best artist made LoL fanart/collobaration
DAMWON Gaming vs. GenG / LCK 2019 Spring - Week 1 / Game 1 Discussion
Comparing Crit Items Before 8.11 and After 9.3
Schalke 04 | Things have changed. (LEC promotional teaser)
A bug regarding an interaction between relic shield and bounties may be the reason for Khan's confusing bounty.
Shell Oil Company Is Newest League of Legends Sponsor for LEC and DACH Premier Tour
LEC is starting in two days, I made a montage video from year 2018 to showcase the best moments in LCS EU.
Valdes' LCK Spring 2019 Team Tier List
I made some Star Guardian Soraka Fanart!
Irelia R disarm removed
DWG Nuguri on HImself as a Top Laner: "I believe I’m somewhere in the middle. There isn’t a single ‘bad’ player in the LCK. I don’t want to put my self too high, or too low"
Pantheon's Great Bake Off Finals!
Country Vlad (Song)
What’s everyone’s game plan this season? What’s your goal?
Bounty system (Varus) SKT vs JAG G2
Damwon Canyon on Kha'zix vanishes Vel'koz
Travis Gafford doing live LCS preseason interviews today
Yesterday i reached master tier playing mostly talon on botlane, AMA
Azir outplay on Riven
You can still see Neeko's stats when they're disguised
[Skin suggestions] Any ideas from mythology?
[Press Interview] SN Maple: "I am confident in our next match against RNG and Karsa"
The new loading screen on live on PBE looks amazing, and if you click on the champions, it shows you the persons mastery with their rank icon
K/DA Riven fanart
Playing against a Duo bot lane as a solo queuer feels terrible.
"At least our jungler is pretty far ahead" -Scarra
Is the Hunt of the Blood Moon going to be available during the Blood Moon Event?
What does everyone think about the new infinity edge and other crit item changes coming soon?
DAMWON Coach Kim: "The team's biggest strength is its potential to become even better"
How does the Irelia nerf remove her from midlane?
SN Maple: I am completely unfamiliar with my opponents here. I was very aware of how everyone played I the LMS. Over here, everyone is very strong.
The way shutdown gold is displayed is confusing and need more consistency
I'm level 35, have 15 champions and want to play ranked, what should I do?
Which champ to get?
With LEC coming up, Is League eSports moving towards financially sustainability in the major regions? Lets discuss...
Abilities with 1600 range
Here's a French League of Legends Parody that I made... [60h+ of work]
Banner of Command rework sugesstion
Old Galio was way worse as an anti mage concept than current Galio
Slovenia will have 3 players in LEC this season. :O
You should just appreciate what you have - letter from a returning player
Is Aatrox op?
How do flex picks and last second swapping work in pro play?
"Arcane Comet" Ornn is way to go now ...
Best and Worst feelings during a game.
New champions vs new items
I made a study playlist with league music!
Motivating allies seems to be more important than a good performance
I know Vayne is broken atm, but I'm really proud of this play I made to save the game
Zhonya's Hourglass Bugs
